Python Agg for GTAP is a GUI aggregation utility, in development, for the GTAP Data Base. It is open source, accessible to any user and adaptable by Python programmers. PyGTAPAgg builds on the fundamental simplicity of GTAPAgg2 and adds a few features to facilitate and improve the experience of running routine aggregation programs. The additional features include spreadsheet like capabilities (such as sorting and cutting and pasting) along with robust data verification subroutines in the creation of aggregations of the GTAP Data Base. It also provides a library of common aggregation mappings, which may be applied at the push of a button (such as defining products as processed agricultural, light, and heavy manufactures and services based on standard classification systems). User defined mappings can be retrieved and applied for subsets of the standard GTAP 65 sectors and 158+ regions, in contrast to importing mappings for all GTAP sectors and regions as currently provided in GTAPAgg2 and FlexAgg2. Users can select a mix of aggregation criteria from prior projects. The program also facilitates the research of mapping products from the HS systems, CPC  and ISIC  coding system of product definitions (in contrast to searching for external documents in various formats such PDF and webpages). Finally, basic analytics of the GTAP aggregation will be provided, so users can iteratively improve their aggregation within the aggregation program, before moving it to the modeling process. These features, together, promise to improve the efficiency, quality, and accuracy of creating aggregations for the GTAP Data Base. PyGTAPAgg is open source: users may build and contribute add on modules for domain specific tasks, such as migration, supply chains, welfare, land use and climate change modeling, among others. The use of tabs in the main interface facilitates this flexible expansion. The following sections provide instructions for installing the software and its use.  A separate document, stored on the GitHub repo includes code documentation and instructions on how to create add-ons and contribute to the open-source community.